README.md, before:

# LandminePlacer
A lethal company mod that add a new item for placing landmine.


## Mod link
### Thunderstore: [LandminePlacer on Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/alexandre_v1/LandMinePlacer/)
### Github: [LandminePlacer on Github](https://github.com/alexandre-v1/LandminePlacer)


## Must know
This mod should be compatible with other mods that modify the landmine.
It might not work with mods that completely remove the base landmine.

(Note: The landmine instance is saved the first time a player places a landmine.)


## Work with
- [SuperLandmine by phawitpp](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/phawitpp/SuperLandmine/)


## Config 
#### Only host config matter.
### InfiniteLandmines
    Choose if you can place unlimited landmines.
    Options: true = unlimited, false = limited by MaxLandmines
    Default: false

### MaxLandmines 
    Set the maximum number of landmines you can place with one Landmine Placer.
    (only matters if you don't have infinite landmines).
    Default: 1

### LandminePlacerSpawnChance
    Adjust how often you find Landmine Placer item.
    Higher Number: Find them more often
    Default: 40

### LandminePlacerInShop
    Whether or not the LandminePlacer should be in the shop, true = in shop, false = not in shop
    Options: true = in shop, false = not in shop
    Default: false

### LandminePlacerShopPrice
    Price of the LandminePlacer in the shop, only used if LandminePlacerInShop is true
    Default: 70
## Contact 
For inquiries or discussions about the mod, please join this specific [discord thread](https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1191379525137866864).
(Note: You need to be a member of the [Lethal Company Modding Server](https://discord.com/invite/XeyYqRdRGC) to access the thread.)

If you have tested this mod with other mods, or if you want to share your experiences, please let me know!

Commit message:

Update README.md for project archive

README.md, after:

# LandminePlacer
⚠️ ARCHIVED: This mod is no longer maintained as of November 16, 2024

A lethal company mod that add a new item for placing landmine.

## Archive Notice
This mod has been archived for the following reasons:

 - The mod is no longer being maintained or updated
 - No further bug fixes or features will be added
 - While it may still work with some versions of Lethal Company, compatibility is not guaranteed
 - For alternative mods, please check the Thunderstore mod database

Known Last Working Version

 - Lethal Company v45


## Mod link
### Thunderstore: [LandminePlacer on Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/alexandre_v1/LandMinePlacer/)
### Github: [LandminePlacer on Github](https://github.com/alexandre-v1/LandminePlacer)


## Must know
This mod should be compatible with other mods that modify the landmine.
It might not work with mods that completely remove the base landmine.

(Note: The landmine instance is saved the first time a player places a landmine.)


## Work with
- [SuperLandmine by phawitpp](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/phawitpp/SuperLandmine/)


## Config 
#### Only host config matter.
### InfiniteLandmines
    Choose if you can place unlimited landmines.
    Options: true = unlimited, false = limited by MaxLandmines
    Default: false

### MaxLandmines 
    Set the maximum number of landmines you can place with one Landmine Placer.
    (only matters if you don't have infinite landmines).
    Default: 1

### LandminePlacerSpawnChance
    Adjust how often you find Landmine Placer item.
    Higher Number: Find them more often
    Default: 40

### LandminePlacerInShop
    Whether or not the LandminePlacer should be in the shop, true = in shop, false = not in shop
    Options: true = in shop, false = not in shop
    Default: false

### LandminePlacerShopPrice
    Price of the LandminePlacer in the shop, only used if LandminePlacerInShop is true
    Default: 70
## Contact 
For inquiries or discussions about the mod, please join this specific [discord thread](https://discord.com/channels/1168655651455639582/1191379525137866864).
(Note: You need to be a member of the [Lethal Company Modding Server](https://discord.com/invite/XeyYqRdRGC) to access the thread.)

If you have tested this mod with other mods, or if you want to share your experiences, please let me know!
